alright guys I'm back with some more
dooby doo check it off our kendrys
entries and see how this plays out
the following
Oh
wait
and if you want to know how popular this
superstar is just listen to these Cheers
why is he coming out let the field
the beneficiary felicity
that's it
and this is all right so let's check out
Rob and Adams Kuragin or next-gen
whatever you call it ps4 / xbox one
wwe2k15 entrance okay let me put my
earphones in before can't hear
oh he's got his dog he's coming to town
look at him that looks like real life
what's realistic
comparable RVD oh man I love calling Van
Dam matches it's so exciting to watch
if you make me go yeah you go I'll
return bubble come on man that's all I
like
oh you didn't do it okay
it amazes well done
he's looking the wrong way turn around
turn around
okay whoa that's it Robin Antin
let me know anything about those
entrances you gotta cough it up a
section below and I will see what some
ugly big so you can leave suggestions
okay okay okay